[Music]
this is the new Ferretti 780 making its
debut here at the kin Boat Show and I've
just heard a visitor get off the boat
saying you know every year they get
better and better with greater and
greater design ideas and looking around
this boat he's absolutely right it's a
very striking interior design battalion
yard so of course it's typically Italian
lots of headroom lots of space and lots
and lots of windows this is a four cabin
boat so four separate cabins with four
separate toilets this is the owner's
suite it runs the full width of the hull
big windows each side and of course you
can customize your own decor Ferretti
say that this lower helm position is
deliberately technical deliberately
professional everything's black so you
don't get any glare on the screens the
actual interface is here you can control
the whole boat everything's two-hand
everything's nicely laid out and
actually quite simple the upper deck is
extremely spacious and of course there's
the outside helm position plus there's a
docking station further down Ferretti
have put a lot of emphasis into the
beach club scenario this is the beach
club here nice place to sit and watch
the water by the bathing platform
they've also built in a place for toys
to be stored
now this boat is powered by a pair of
man1 thousand five hundred and fifty
horsepower diesels on shaft drives it's
all hydraulic operation so fly-by-wire
and top speed should be around 436 knots